```json
{
  "Executive Summary": [
    "Provide a high-level overview of the model, its purpose, key methodologies, primary results (e.g., PFE outcomes if applicable), overall model soundness, and any significant limitations or recommendations. Ensure this section is understandable by a non-technical senior audience.",
    "Based on the Hierarchical Model Summary, highlight the core purpose of the 'Risk Calculation System' and its primary use case (e.g., comprehensive risk assessment for a specific portfolio or set of products).",
    "Summarize the key methodological approaches employed, such as weighted risk factor aggregation and risk breakdown by category, as described in the 'complex_module.py' summary.",
    "If applicable, outline the nature of the primary model outputs (e.g., total risk scores, risk profiles, PFE calculations) and their interpretation.",
    "Provide a high-level assessment of the model's overall soundness, strengths, and limitations based on the information available in the Hierarchical Summary.",
    "Identify any significant limitations or weaknesses that should be highlighted upfront for senior stakeholders."
  ],

  "1. Introduction": {
    "1.1. Purpose of the Model": [
      "Clearly articulate the specific business problem or objective that the 'Risk Calculation System' aims to address, as described in the Hierarchical Model Summary.",
      "If the summary lacks clarity on the precise purpose, explicitly state this gap and request additional details."
    ],
    "1.2. Scope and Applicability": [
      "Based on the Hierarchical Summary, define the specific products, portfolios, or processes to which the model is applied.",
      "Identify any known exclusions, boundaries, or limitations in the model's scope of applicability mentioned in the summary. If none are mentioned, note this as a potential gap requiring further information."
    ],
    "1.3. Intended Users": [
      "If the Hierarchical Summary provides information on the primary users or consumers of the model's outputs, document them here.",
      "If not explicitly mentioned, note this as a gap and request details on the intended user groups for the 'Risk Calculation System'."
    ],
    "1.4. Regulatory Context": [
      "The Hierarchical Summary does not mention any specific regulatory requirements or guidelines. Note this as a potential gap and request information on any relevant regulations or industry standards that the model and its documentation should adhere to (e.g., SR 11-7, OSFI E-23)."
    ]
  },

  "2. Model Methodology": {
    "2.1. Theoretical Basis": [
      "Based on the 'complex_module.py' summary, identify the core financial or mathematical theories underpinning the risk calculation methodology, such as weighted risk factor aggregation and risk breakdown by category.",
      "If specific theoretical foundations are not mentioned (e.g., Geometric Brownian Motion, Monte Carlo simulation principles), note this as a gap requiring further information."
    ],
    "2.2. Mathematical Formulation": [
      "From the 'complex_module.py' summary, extract and present the key equations and algorithms involved in the risk calculation process, such as the weighted sum calculation for the overall risk score and the risk breakdown calculation by category.",
      "Clearly define all variables and parameters used in these equations, drawing from the class and function descriptions in the summary (e.g., 'RiskFactor' attributes, 'RiskCalculator' methods).",
      "If specific mathematical formulations are not provided in the summary, note this as a gap requiring further details."
    ],
    "2.3. Assumptions and Justifications": [
      "Identify any assumptions explicitly mentioned or implied in the Hierarchical Summary for the key algorithms and methodologies employed in the 'Risk Calculation System'.",
      "For each assumption, require a justification for its validity, an analysis of its potential impact if violated, and any mitigating factors considered.",
      "Ensure assumptions related to data inputs, processing, and transformations are also covered, as these may be critical for the methodology's validity.",
      "If no assumptions are mentioned in the summary, note this as a gap and request details on the key assumptions underlying the risk calculation methodology."
    ],
    "2.4. Limitations of the Methodology": [
      "Based on the information in the Hierarchical Summary