```json
{
  "Executive Summary": [
    "Provide a high-level, non-technical overview of the model's purpose, key methodologies, primary results (e.g., PFE outcomes), overall soundness assessment, and any significant limitations or recommendations.",
    "Ensure this section can be understood by senior, non-technical stakeholders and regulators."
  ],

  "1. Introduction": [
    "1.1. Purpose of the Model": [
      "Clearly state the specific business problem or objective the model is designed to address (e.g., PFE calculation for certain trade types, regulatory capital calculation).",
      "What are the key risk factors or metrics the model aims to quantify or forecast?"
    ],
    "1.2. Scope and Applicability": [
      "Based on the Hierarchical Summary, explicitly list the products, portfolios, or processes the model applies to.",
      "Are there any known exclusions or boundaries on the model's applicability? If so, detail them precisely."
    ],
    "1.3. Intended Users": [
      "From the Hierarchical Summary, identify the primary business units or roles that will utilize the model's outputs.",
      "If any specific user permissions or access controls are mentioned, note them here."
    ],
    "1.4. Regulatory Context": [
      "Reference any specific regulatory requirements, guidelines, or frameworks (e.g., SR 11-7, OSFI E-23) that the model aims to adhere to.",
      "If regulatory context is not clear from the Hierarchical Summary, note the gap for further investigation."
    ]
  ],

  "2. Model Methodology": [
    "2.1. Theoretical Basis": [
      "Identify and explain the core financial or mathematical theories underpinning the model's approach from the Hierarchical Summary (e.g., Geometric Brownian Motion, Black-Scholes model).",
      "If specific theoretical foundations are not mentioned, note this gap for further detail."
    ],
    "2.2. Mathematical Formulation": [
      "From the Hierarchical Summary, extract any key equations, algorithms, or calculation steps implemented in the model.",
      "Ensure all variables and parameters referenced in these formulations are clearly defined.",
      "If the summary lacks specific mathematical formulations, note this gap for the drafting phase."
    ],
    "2.3. Assumptions and Justifications": [
      "For each assumption explicitly mentioned or implied in the Hierarchical Summary (e.g., assumptions related to key algorithms like GBM), provide a clear statement of the assumption.",
      "Require a justification for why this assumption is made, as well as an analysis of its potential impact if violated.",
      "Note any mitigating factors or controls in place to address the assumption's limitations.",
      "Ensure assumptions related to data inputs or the implementation are also captured here if mentioned in the summary."
    ],
    "2.4. Limitations of the Methodology": [
      "Identify any inherent limitations of the chosen methodological approaches, theories, or algorithms discussed in the Hierarchical Summary.",
      "Ensure limitations complement (but do not duplicate) the assumptions listed in 2.3.",
      "Cross-reference: Ensure assumptions and limitations are consistently reflected in Section 8 (Overall Model Limitations)."
    ]
  ],

  "3. Data": [
    "3.1. Input Data Sources and Specifications": [
      "From the Hierarchical Summary, detail each key input data element used by the model (e.g., `trades.json`, `market_data.json`).",
      "For each input, specify its precise source (upstream system, vendor feed, internal database), frequency, and format.",
      "Critically analyze and document the role and importance of each input in the model's calculations.",
      "What are the implications if this specific input data is missing or incorrect?"
    ],
    "3.2. Data Preprocessing and Transformations": [
      "Identify any data cleaning, filtering, transformation, or imputation steps applied to the raw input data before it is used by the model, as mentioned in the Hierarchical Summary.",
      "If data preprocessing details are not provided, note this gap for further investigation."
    ],
    "3.3. Data Quality Assessment": [
      "The Hierarchical Summary mentions data validation, but specific